Create rule S6699: Spotify API secrets should not be disclosed (#2855)
SonarSource/rspec: rules/S6699/secrets/rule.adoc

include::../../../shared_content/secrets/description.adoc[]

== Why is this an issue?

include::../../../shared_content/secrets/rationale.adoc[]

=== What is the potential impact?

The Spotify API secret is a confidential key used for authentication and
authorization purposes when accessing the Spotify API.

The Spotify API grants applications access to Spotify's services and, by
extension, user data. Should this secret fall into the wrong hands, two
immediate concerns arise: unauthorized access to user data and data
manipulation.

When unauthorized entities obtain the API secret, they have potential access to
users' personal Spotify information. This includes the details of their
playlists, saved tracks, and listening history. Such exposure might not only
breach personal boundaries but also infringe upon privacy standards set by
platforms and regulators.

> Beyond mere access, there's the peril of data manipulation. With the secret in
> tow, malevolent actors could modify user content on Spotify. This means altering
> playlists, deleting beloved tracks, or even adding unsolicited ones. Such
> actions not only disrupt the user experience but also breach the trust users
> place in both Spotify and third-party applications connected to it.

Reviewer: I would rewrite this for a more uniform styling.
```suggestion
In addition to simply gaining access, there is the risk of data manipulation. If malicious individuals obtain the secret, they could tamper with user content on Spotify. This includes modifying playlists, deleting beloved tracks, or even adding unsolicited ones. Such actions not only disrupt the user experience but also violate the trust that users have in both Spotify and third-party applications connected to it.
```

== How to fix it

include::../../../shared_content/secrets/fix/revoke.adoc[]

include::../../../shared_content/secrets/fix/vault.adoc[]

=== Code examples

> :example_secret: f3fbd32510154334aaf0394aca3ac4c3
> :example_name: client_secret
> :example_env: CLIENT_SECRET

Reviewer: I'm afraid this example won't raise considering what the detection pattern is.
```suggestion
:example_secret: f3fbd32510154334aaf0394aca3ac4c3
:example_name: spotify_secret
:example_env: SPOTIFY_SECRET
```

Reviewer 2: Good point, I didn't look at the detection patterns.
